Furreal: Troublemaker Dokimon, Rarely seen alone, these lively little Dokimon are always grouping up together and causing trouble for people.

Jolleek: Role Model Dokimon, Although occasionally found leading small armies of Furreal, Jolleek can actually be quite gentle, and good with children.

Leeksword: Possessed Dokimon, Violent and filled with rage, some people claim they possess dark magics, and can whisper to spirits and demons.

Whispurr: Apprentice Dokimon, Its sword is its greatest prize. It spends most of its time keeping the blade in tip-top shape.

Excalifurr: Hero Dokimon, When it's done with fighting, it will pass on its skills to a young Whispurr it deems worthy.

Carrotti: Sprout Dokimon, Born with a stem to gather nutrients, it hibernates in soil until it has grown enough to evolve.

Kakaratt: Shuriken Dokimon, It is able to spin at rapid speeds without making a noise. Its blades are so sharp they can even cut through steel.

Quackfil: Proud Dokimon, It has a bossy nature and has even been known to pick on its own trainer if displeased.

Quackfear: Arrogant Dokimon, The bully of the forest, it often forces weaker Dokimon to work as its henchmen.

Casper: Reaper Dokimon, It's common for children to be told that if they don't behave, a Casper will haunt them from under their bed.

Deathscye: Scythe Dokimon, An old nursery rhyme says that if you feel a sharp chill down your spine, it's likely that you are being stalked by a Deathscye.

Nimbis: Glowing Dokimon, Its wool glows at night, making it a popular material for artisans.

Lloudious: Guiding Light Dokimon, Since it is known to guide lost trainers at night, it has become a symbol of hope across the region.

Pheonix: Hatchling Dokimon, There are many mysteries regarding Pheonix, including whether its shape is many creatures or one, and if many, whether or not they share a consciousness.

Lucifeather: Ultraviolet Dokimon, Its flames can grow to blinding strengths. Rumors tell of enraged Lucfeather's bringing ruin to entire towns just by flying over them.

Flounder: Wobble Fish Dokimon, It can't move its fins in sync, so it swims in bizarre patterns, sometimes even backward.

Mudslip: Koi Fish Dokimon, It gathers food by swimming with its mouth wide open. This makes it look like it's always smiling. Or maybe it is!

Bundust: Dust Bunny Dokimon, It lives in old neglected buildings. The more cluttered and dusty its home is, the happier it becomes.

Jespurr: Yarn Ball Dokimon, Although shy to strangers, Juspurr's are very playful with their owners and popular with families. One should not separate one from its yarn ball.

Juskitten: Trickster Cat Dokimon, While very playful and seemingly harmless, Juskitten's often play with their food and may lure others into traps with their brightly colored balls.

Harlequitten: Telekinesis Dokimon, Boasting formidable magic powers, Harlequitten makes up for its lack of speed with a flurry of psychic attacks.

Moisen: Antidote Dokimon, Its feathers hold powerful healing properties, but excessive amounts will cause a slow, painful death.

Birzhaven: Concoction Dokimon, Birzhaven's powerful poison rivals even that of the most deadly spiders. Only Moisen's feathers can stop inevitable death.

Breeze: Companion Dokimon, The undying loyalty of this Dokimon species makes them very popular amongst youngsters as well as the elderly.

Flare: Companion Dokimon, It's unknown how many variations of this species of Dokimon exist. The most common are red and blue, but reports have spoken of other variants.

Wattlet: Current Dokimon, Wattlet's wings hum with electric currents as it soars through the night sky, illuminating the darkness with its playful dances and crackling sparks.

Sparkstride: Lightning Dokimon, Sparkstride dazzles its opponents with its lightning-fast moves and powerful electric attacks. Its feathers emit a mesmerizing aura that captivates onlookers.

Tignis: Will-o-wisp Dokimon, These friendly creatures are considered good luck, as following one will often lead you to treasure.

Tigris: Color Shifting Dokimon, While its fur is normally orange, it can also be blue or even white, depending on its temperature. Some say its temp raises along with its rage.

Tignispyre: Fire Magic Dokimon, Tignispyre is the ultimate form of the Tignis family. It's said they need an enormous amount of magic exposure to reach this form.

Haracker: Training Dokimon, It spends all of its time training, so they make good partners for Gym goers or sparing partners.

Hareate: Boxer Dokimon, It has a strong sense of hearing and is quick on its feet. It predicts the movement of its enemy by listening to their footsteps.

Soul: Prankster Dokimon, It likes to play pranks on people. It doesn't mean harm but is often misunderstood and shooed away.

Jistery: Attention Dokimon, It always wants the spotlight. It tends to put on a performance when in battle and thrives when many people watch its performance.

Loomleak: Water Droplet Dokimon, It's born holding a special water droplet, which it keeps for its whole life. It's said drinking the water droplet can cure any sickness.

Marillo: The Lazy Dokimon, It may appear sad, but don't worry! Marillo always frowns, even when it's happy. Its slow movements pack a punch and can break through even concrete.

Luna: Gothic Doll Dokimon, It has a gloomy aura, which lowers the mood of nearby people and Dokimon wherever it goes.

Eclipse: Witchcast Dokimon, It has a talent for mixing dangerous potions and can mix items together without a cauldron thanks to its telekinesis.

Yomeshi: Spirit Dokimon, A mythical monster that returned with the appearance of Dokimon. Scientists still aren't sure if it's a Dokimon or the original creature from myths.

Shinigam: Beckoning Dokimon, Rumors state these monsters guide people in the depths of the underworld. They often blink in and out of view and may appear suddenly.

Emboa: Fire Snake Dokimon, It collects heat in the spikes on its back, which it can transfer into its fangs during battle.

Rattler: Fire Serpent Dokimon, It can heat its body to volcanic temperatures. It constricts prey, cooking them in its burning coil.

Coalbra: Coal Brew Dokimon, When provoked, it will spit corrosive acid at their target. It does not take much to be provoked.

Patches: Baby Lamma Dokimon, They're adored for their thick, fluffy wool. However, people that get too comfortable have been known to get shocked without warning.

Woollec: Acidic Lightning Dokimon, When provoked, it will spit corrosive acid at their target that carries great electrical power. It does not take much to be provoked.

Kitsu: Two-Faced Fox Dokimon, It may seem like a normal Dokimon, but Kitsu is quite unique. It has the most possible evolutions of any known Dokimon.

Emberox: Hi Fox Dokimon, It has a hot temper! If angered, it will enter a frenzy, its eyes burning bright with rage.

Glaceia: Kori Fox Dokimon, Its entire body is made of water. Make sure to keep it cool, or it may just melt!

Flurox: Kesa Fox Dokimon, It doesn't have fur, but foliage! The types of flora it grows depend on the environment it lives in.

Boltrex: Tenki Fox Dokimon, It builds up static electricity in its fur. If you try to pet it, you may be in for a shock!

Yorox: Night Fox Dokimon, A stealthy Dokimon, it can blend in with shadows. Its sense of sight heightens under darkness.

Lunapet: Guiding light Dokimon, Since it is known to guide lost trainers at night, it has become a symbol of hope.

Umbralancer: Crescent Moon Dokimon, It stores moonlight into its sword for additional strength. Its power skyrockets on the night of a solar eclipse.

Corsac: Wolf Fox Dokimon, It can sense if a fire breaks out. When this happens, it will warn other Dokimon and guide them to safety.

Kugwyrm: Cup Noodle Dokimon, People have tried to remove the Dokimon from its cozy cup, but failed miserably.

Kilnwyrm: Monster Pot Dokimon, When dirty pots and pans are left out for too long, a Terra will form out of the mess.

Miso: Sleepy Dragon Dokimon, This Dokimon came about from a kitchen disaster when a chef tried to add a secret ingredient to one of their dishes.

Scorlo: Wind-up Toy Dokimon, Scorlo isn't native to the region. It first arrived when one snuck into a shipment of toys from a faraway region.

Winzzle: Wind-up Tank Dokimon, You may be curious about the winding key on its back, but if you try to touch it, you may get pinched.

Skrappler: Tank Scorpion Dokimon, Though it is small in size, Skrappler is able to shoot projectiles stronger than a cannonball!

Atlas: Stone Dragon Dokimon, When it's born, this Dokimon shy will hollow out a rock. This will be their shell until they evolve.

Lantis: Stone Dragon Dokimon, The crystals on its back are super durable. Scientists have found them to be stronger than almost any other mineral.

Hunch: Hunchback Dokimon, When it evolves, Hunch will break out of its shell. Their posture is the result of living with a heavy rock on their back.

Polterstrike: Bowling Ball Dokimon, Legend has it that these mysterious creatures hold the souls of fallen bowlers, granting them a lifetime of games as a spectral force.

Toxorb: Famine Dokimon, Toxorb's toxic spores erupt quickly and spread quickly, killing all plants, fruits, and even small rodents in a large area.

Ariel: Angel Dokimon, Ariel is a protector of nature. They're often found healing plants and animals and won't hesitate to zap intruders into a pile of ash.

Hana: Grace Dokimon, Hana is an archangel that plays a divine role in the communication between humans and those in celestial realms. Much is unknown about their powers.

Toppa: Tadpole Dokimon, If you've never heard this Dokimon cry, count yourself lucky! They are able to reach 18000Hz with their voice.

Gumba: Giant Toad Dokimon, A colossal amphibian with potent poison glands, capable of unleashing toxic attacks from its massive mouth.

Toxihop: Toxic Death Dokimon, A harbinger of poison and decay, this maleficent toad brings ruin and destruction to any environment it encounters.

Bloomtad: Photosynthesis Dokimon, Bloomtad possesses a unique ability to harness the energy of sunlight through its skin, allowing it to survive with only photosynthesis.

Mimi-to: Mimic Toad Dokimon, It's unknown how many types of plants they can disguise themselves as. There's a popular tale about a young boy that played hide and seek with one.

Dustle: Dust Ball Bird Dokimon, It's unable to fly, but Dustle is so light that it will drift in the wind to travel.

Boxbi: Boxing Bird Dokimon, It doesn't have much in terms of defense, so it has to learn how to fight quickly if it wants to survive.

Plasma: Positive Dokimon, This positive little Dokimon is always looking at the bright side of things, unlike its negative counterpart.

Luminite: Lava Lamp Dokimon, It glows from a chemical reaction in its body. Scientists are unsure if it actually has a face or makes one for pretend.

Zappy: RC Car Dokimon, Being able to reach speeds up to 200km/h, it is the fastest-known Dokimon in existence.

Misma: Negative Dokimon, It can drain energy from living things and convert it to electricity.

Umbral: Blacklight Dokimon, Umbral emanates an ethereal glow that transcends the realm of the living. Its radiant luminescence can unveil glimpses of otherworldly beings from the depths of the underworld.

Punchbox: Punch Bot Dokimon, Dokicenters have special equipment to fix up injured robot Dokimon since normal medicine doesn't work.

Mushlo: Placeholder Dokimon, No details provided.

Minx: Pup Dokimon, Usually found in small packs of 3 or 4, Minx is often overlooked by an Okami who watches from the shadows.

Okami: Wolfpack Dokimon, If you find a lone Okami, it means they've been cut off from the pack. These ones are vicious and much more dangerous than normal Okami.

Kamiokami: Wolf God Dokimon, According to old tales, people that encounter these during a full moon may be turned to stone until sunrise.

Palsamon: Cosplay Dokimon, Palsamon, the embodiment of creativity and talent, excels in its remarkable cosplay abilities, flawlessly replicating the looks of anyone.

Aoimon: Bloodthirsty Dokimon, Will stalk and kill anything it sees within reach, by any means! Despite this, it's intensely loyal and will do anything to protect its trainer.

Hemling: Chick Dokimon, Hemling is known for being incredibly noisy and consistently attempting to prove its tough defenses, therefore instigating enemies.

Knyfagon: Gargoyle Dokimon, A guardian of the night, Knyfagon's stony form blends seamlessly with the architecture, ever watchful and ready to defend its territory.

Sylfi: Defender Dokimon, It's said they evolve after they've eaten enough and never eat again. However, without much offense, Silfi rarely gets to evolve.

Sylvaguard: Defender Dokimon, They are able to control the wind to keep themselves afloat, even when they are sleeping. It's not often one will land on the ground.

T-Kob: The Plague Dokimon, This species has a genetic deformity that continuously generates poison in their bodies. Despite this, their strong will keeps them going.

T-Kobom: The Cyborg Dokimon, Intense flames generated kill all poisons within; however, the flames themselves are a great risk. Therefore, a mecha suit takes shape to tame them.

X-Koboma: The Undead Dokimon, In a burst of legendary fire, the mech suit can't keep up and disintegrates. Thus, X-Koboma emerges as a skeleton of flames tamed only by sheer will.

Dartarget: Placeholder Dokimon, No details provided.



